We will continue the full attack chain for the UNION Based attacks so far we have found the no of 
colums returned.

Rest we will continue in this day and we are going to solve more numbers of labs, I hope i will enjoy 
these lab and try to have fun :)

Many instances of SQL injection are blind vlunerabilities. This means that the application does not return the results of the SQL query or the details of any database errors within its response.
But still vlunerabilites can still be exploited to access unauthorized data, but the techniques involved are generally more complicated and difficult to perform.

The following techniques can be used to exploit blind SQL injection vlunerabilites.
* Can change the logic of the query to trigger a detectable difference in the application's response .
* Can conditionally trigger a time delay in the processing of the query .
* Can trigger an out-of-band network interaction, using OAST techniques. This technique is extremely powerful and    works in the situations where the other techniques do not .

BLIND SQL Injection
-------------------

Blind SQL injection occurs when an application is vlunerable to SQL injection, but its HTTP responses do not contain the results of the relevant SQL query or the details of any database errors.

The techniques such as UNION attacks are not effective with blind SQL injection vlunerabilities.
It is still possible to exploit blind SQL injection to access unauthorized data , but different techniques must be used.

Exploiting blind SQL injection by triggering conditional responses
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Consider an application that uses tracking cookies to gather analytics about usage. Requesting to the application include a cookie header like this 
Cookie: TrackingId=u5YD3PapBcR4lN3e7Tj4

When a request containing a TrackingId cookie is processed, the application uses a SQL query to determine whether this is a known user: 
SELECT TrackingId FROM TrackedUsers WHERE TrackingId = 'u5YD3PapBcR4lN3e7Tj4'

This query is vulnerable to SQL injection, but the results from the query are not returned to the user. However, the application does behave differently depending on whether the query returns any data. 
 If you submit a recognized TrackingId, the query returns data and you receive a "Welcome back" message in the response. 
 This behavior is enough to be able to exploit the blind SQL injection vulnerability. You can retrieve information by triggering different responses conditionally, depending on an injected condition.

To understand how this exploit works, suppose that two requests are sent containing the following TrackingId cookie values in turn:
…xyz' AND '1'='1
…xyz' AND '1'='2
The first of these values causes the query to return results, because the injected AND '1'='1 condition is true. As a result, the "Welcome back" message is displayed.

For example, suppose there is a table called Users with the columns Username and Password, and a user called Administrator. You can determine the password for this user by sending a series of inputs to test the password one character at a time. 
xyz' AND SUBSTRING((SELECT Password FROM Users WHERE Username = 'Administrator'), 1, 1) > 'm
This returns the "Welcome back" message, indicating that the injected condition is true, and so the first character of the password is greater than m. 
xyz' AND SUBSTRING((SELECT Password FROM Users WHERE Username = 'Administrator'), 1, 1) > 't
This does not return the "Welcome back" message, indicating that the injected condition is false, and so the first character of the password is not greater than t. 

We can continue this process to systematically determine the full password for the Administrator user. 

NOTE
The SUBSTRING function is called SUBSTR on some types of database. For more details, see the SQL injection cheat sheet.


















